hello everybody I'm in the little wood
also known as Martin now this is a two
part of video today the first part we'll
get out there a really quickly the big
Saturday livestream is potentially
happening as soon as you see this video
check the description it'll tell you if
I'm live from going live soon and
there'll be a countdown or there'll be a
video on demand in case you missed it
but anyway on to the important part of
today's video I've been tweeting all
afternoon about my brand new set of I
just cokes if you see my my students the
last couple of weeks you've noticed that
it's gotten slow about an hour in my
computer's overheated and it's just
generally made everything quite a
nightmare to be fair so I got myself a
new home set up and it's actually
probably equal to my office setup so
I've already done the the tour of that
with Terps if you're going to check out
his channel with the yoked hauls videos
then you can do but welcome to my brand
new setup so I put myself three monitors
I've only ever had two monitors in the
past I've had two widescreen ones or
I've had one widescreen one and I had
one square resolution one which is
amazing for watching like old standard
definition films but yeah I've actually
finally got this now and now these are
running on NVIDIA cards or I take cards
I should say card there's only a
singular one I've got a GTX 780 Ti card
which is apparently a little bit better
than a Titan so that's quite exciting so
I can actually if I wanted to and I have
done before I can actually run Minecraft
across all three of them which is really
really cool these are some IMO monitors
they're 32 inches each I think it was 30
or 23 one way or the other but they're
willing to do description or at least
the names of all of these in the
description if not the spec now I'm
going to introduce you to my brand new
tower she's a beaut I it was originally
made by Kai's boss from a hardware
heaven Stewart and he basically called
it AI but when he sent it he put it in
capitals and as I always called it out
and then because I've just seen Mia the
case for it this afternoon I decided to
call him Alphonse
as in Alphonse the big armoured guy I
say armored guy the piece of armour from
a full metal alchemist so this is
Alphonse that iron beast everybody ready
to see him check this bad boy out
look at him he is huge if he can't see
he's kind of got like a saw like a
chrome frame that wraps all the way
around him I'll put a link in the
description as well so you can go and
see that but if I bring you a little bit
closer
you can see how epic this thing
actually is so there's some nice air
space beneath here which is pretty cool
I've got actually got my USB 3 ports all
the way across there and there are
allowed in the back as well the
background it's actually really
interesting on this thing so the back
grille has a massive grill up the front
which is kind of more so just for
ventilation and then down at the bottom
it's got the main hall where all of the
key was run through and go upwards but I
mean if you look inside it's incredibly
airy even through the other end of it as
well you can see that through there
there's not really kind of a faceplate
for the the back end for the optical
drives and the USB 3 ports and the
Ethernet ports it's all just sort of
chillin and hanging out as is I'm a
little Wi-Fi dongle up there but yeah I
thought I would just quickly show you
this I've got my I 5 processor at 3.4
gigahertz I've got two lots of ddr3 RAM
and they light up which kind of blew my
mind a little bit I've never really seen
that before
which is good I've got a really cool
power supply I've got some liquid
cooling as well or is it apparently a
different kind of liquid Colin so that's
that I've got headphone and also
microphone ports on the front of there
and that is essentially like brand-new
rig I think I do have a oh I do yeah let
me try and open this up
I forgot I actually had a CD driver on
the bottom I was gonna get a blu-ray
drive before I never actually in a right
to blu-rays and anytime I want to watch
a blu-ray it's always going to be just
on the Xbox downstairs it's something
like that the only other thing I've got
to show you actually is my keyboard so
I've got a brand new one this is one
that Kylie reviewed recently and this is
the rock hat ríos MK pro and it's really
really cool I can't show you right now
but there's a thing so if I like press a
few keys it sort of highlights them and
then they fade after a while and there's
another effect that you can do on this
well when I press one key they all sort
of flutter hours like there's a huge
ripple effect which is really really
cool I mean this has got USB ports it's
got microphone in the headphone port as
well which is nice so yeah so that's the
keyboard that I'm currently using I'm
getting to grips of it I've only just
actually gotten it today so it's gonna
take some getting used to I've got my
wildstar surface which absolutely love
and cars go with me about this mouse
just because it's very ancient and very
office but it's a little Logitech one as
far as I remember it's the yeah the MU
triple zero seven and I actually just
really liked it it just fits the palm
well I like it and also when I'm
browsing websites if I want to do like a
really fast scroll
I can loosen the wheel and it just rolls
infinitely until obviously you press it
in and then it stops so that actually is
pretty handy when I'm browsing read it
and I lose my page I need to go back for
it I can number ten or fifteen pages
that's what I use which is cool the only
things I can really show you is I've got
one of these little bad boys back here
so this is a little scarlet boxes a
scarlet 1808 which is what spark will
settle for us and I've got a splitter up
here because my microphone and Kai's
microphone on the other end of the room
both run into this thing and the
microphone that I use I don't have one
mic I've got my microphone on but not
the clamps hold it up on my desk but
this is a an se electronic z3
three-zero-zero a microphone got a nice
little spider mount for it as well so it
stays up I've got a little pop shield
which is pretty standard
and I've got my temporary stand there as
well and the headphones that I use which
are also the same ones that I've used in
many a radio station in the past and
also I use these at your towers these
are the Bayer dynamic headphones you
probably see the DT 250 on the side of
them there but yeah those are the
headphones that I use so that's my setup
essentially I do have a little Pacman
we're talking into place because
obviously it's all black and green which
I know erases colors but obviously you
know that I like green anyway hence the
hoodie but I've also got this little
guide just here if you can see him and
I'm gonna basically sit him behind my
middle monitor and have it green across
all at the walls and it's got a really
really cool so other than that I think I
see it I didn't have a video for today I
was only planning to livestream so I
thought I would show you my brand-new
setup if you want to see myself and kind
unboxing it and getting really excited
and talking about it probably in a bit
more detail you know we're talking about
doing oh we were talking about my bench
marking it and stuff like that then you
go over to that channel in the little
dream there's a blogger is opening it on
there oh and very quickly before I go
actually check this out so I basically
got a bucket see a squid cause it's
basically a racing scene and this comes
from the GT Omega racing guys they
sentence them for free
just to be really cool and to sort of
get their name out there and it's
actually incredibly comfortable it also
comes with a lumbar support which is
just over here so I've got the one on
the neck but I'm not really one for
having and lower back supports my back
doesn't quite arch in that way but they
guy find also drop that little bit of
information on here so thank you very
much for watching everybody let me know
what you reckon to the setup I
everyone going like you know technical
and all stuff in the comments because I
don't really know a lot of it I just
know what I need to function and I base
it tell somebody the spec then they
build it for me and so far it seems
absolutely brilliant so thank you very
much for watching everybody I hopefully
see you on a livestream and a few and
otherwise I will see you all tomorrow
for some plants vs. zombies okay bye bye